Moving k8s profile conf to launcher specific location (#77)
rstudio/helm: charts/rstudio-connect/NEWS.md

# 0.2.10

> 

Reviewer: Should note that the RSC version has changed

> - remove "privileged: true", which is not necessary for rstudio-connect server or sessions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- remove "privileged: true", which is no longer necessary for rstudio-connect server or sessions
```

> - location for RStudio Connect's KubernetesProfilesConfig file has changed so as to not conflict with RStudio Workbench

Reviewer: do you mind adding the before/after locations?
